h2. SomaCore | AS3 MVC Framework for Flash, Flex and AIR.

SomaCore is a lightweight event-based MVC framework written in AS3 that provides a structure, models, views management and commands. Somacore can be used for Flash, Flex and AIR projects.

SomaCore does not use any external library and does not use dependency injection.

SomaCore is completely event-based and use a concept of wires to code in a efficient decoupled way.

You can use SomaCore in anything, except to include/distribute it in another framework, application, template, component or structure that is meant to build, scaffold or generate source files.

h3. Few things to know

* SomaCore requires the stage to be instantiated.
* Commands are normal built-in Flash events with the bubbles property set to true.
* Powerful flow control using the built-in flash event model.
* Commands can be used in the views as they are not really framework code.
* Parallel and sequence commands are built-in.
* Wires are the glue of the frameworks elements (models, commands, views, wires) and can be used the way you wish, as proxy/mediators or managers.
* Wires can manage one class or multiple classes.
* Wires and commands access to all the framework elements (stage, framework instance, wires, models, views and commands).
* Plugins can be created for the framework (such as the SomaDebugger plugin).

h3. Links

* "Soundstep Blog":http://www.soundstep.com/
* "Soundstep Twitter":http://www.twitter.com/soundstep/
* "SomaCore main page":http://www.soundstep.com/blog/downloads/somacore/
* "Diagram":http://www.soundstep.com/blog/source/somacore/diagram/SomaDiagram.pdf
* "Video tutorial":http://www.soundstep.com/blog/source/somacore/tutorials/getting-started/
* "Demos":http://github.com/soundstep/somacore_demos
* "Documentation":http://www.soundstep.com/blog/source/somacore/docs/
* "Manual":http://github.com/soundstep/somacore_framework/wiki

h3. Demos

* "Repository of the demos":http://github.com/soundstep/somacore_demos

h2. SomaCore Hello World

* "Simple Application that shows a message":http://www.soundstep.com/blog/source/somacore/demo/Flash/SomaCoreHelloWorld/
* "View Source":http://www.soundstep.com/blog/source/somacore/demo/Flash/SomaCoreHelloWorld/srcview/

h2. SomaColor

* "Pure AS3 demo":http://www.soundstep.com/blog/source/somacore/demo/Flash/SomaColor/
* "View Source":http://www.soundstep.com/blog/source/somacore/demo/Flash/SomaColor/srcview

h2. SomaCafeTownSend

* "Flash Builder / Flex demo":http://www.soundstep.com/blog/source/somacore/demo/Flex/CafeTownSend/
* "View Source":http://www.soundstep.com/blog/source/somacore/demo/Flex/CafeTownSend/srcview

h2. SomaCoreGC (flash player debugger needed)

* "Garbage Collection monitor demo with the SomaCoreDebugger":http://www.soundstep.com/blog/source/somacore/demo/Flash/SomaCoreGC/
* "View Source":http://www.soundstep.com/blog/source/somacore/demo/Flash/SomaCoreGC/srcview

h2. License

The contents of this file are subject to the Mozilla Public License

Version 1.1 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.mozilla.org/MPL/
 
Software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" basis, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing rights and limitations under the License.

The Original Code is SomaCore.

The Initial Developer of the Original Code is Romuald Quantin.

Portions created by

Initial Developer are Copyright (C) 2008-2010 Soundstep. All Rights Reserved.

All Rights Reserved.
